---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: "\"Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,\_"
datePublished: '2016-04-12T15:25:51.687Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-12T15:25:08.065Z'
title: Serenity
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-12-serenity.md
published: true
url: serenity/index.html
_type: Article

---
"Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, 

The courage to change the things I can, 

And the wisdom to know the difference."

This is the only memorized prayer that I pray for its meaning and not for mere recitation. I love the way that this prayer emphasizes the role of God and the role of us, humans - God gives us His "gifts", but the ultimate decision and action still lies with us. This empowers us and gives us control and meaning over our life, at the same time acknowledging that there is still Someone infinitely more powerful and intelligent watching over us.

I have been reciting this prayer more often than usual these past few days (and weeks... and months). After a long calm, I feel that a big storm is about to come into my life. Or rather, I'm about to conjure a big storm that will shake my currently safe but passive existence. Deep inside, I know that this is for the best, since only in the face of challenges could we grow and mature. Even with this knowledge, however, I still cower in fear and frustration on the uncertainties that will surely befall me.

Though I know that a lot of people will support me in my actions (with a special mention to my special someone), in the end, this challenge is mine to face, and mine alone. There are a lot of bad things that MAY happen, but if I do not do anything, nothing will change, and contentment is something that I am currently not enjoying.